Lin Yang
is it you
What’s wrong with you
Yaoyao
Xu Qing
You and Jiang Yao
Don't mention her
Sorry
here it is
your home
Still alone?
I
this
I can't use it either
At once
Give it to you
this
This is not for you to save money
It takes three years to afford it
Ring?
This is too expensive
I can't accept it
Could it be
You also dislike it
Is this ring small?
That's not what I meant
Then I'll accept it
Congratulations
success for girls
Spend 30,000 yuan
Ten billion accounts have been activated
System cashback of NT$3,000
10 billion deposited funds
Jingran is true
and
Just spend money on women
You will get 10% cash back
That is to say
as long as i keep
spend money on women
Become a billionaire